“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.”
“Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.”
“Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.”
“A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.”
“To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.”
“The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.”
“Don’t fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.”
“Use only that which works, and take it from any place you can find it.”
“Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.”
“Life is wide, limitless. There is no border, no frontier.”
“Empty your cup so that it may be filled; become devoid to gain totality.”
“Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.”
“If there is a God, he is within. You don’t ask God to give you things, you depend on God for your inner theme.”
“For it is easy to criticise and break down the spirit of others, but to know yourself takes a lifetime.”
“In order to taste my cup of water you must first empty your cup.”
“Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.”
“A good teacher protects his pupils from his own influence.”
“Time means a lot to me because you see I am also a learner and am often lost in the joy of forever developing.”
“Be self aware, rather than a repetitious robot”
“Art calls for complete mastery of techniques, developed by reflection within the soul.”
“If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of.”
“Now I see that I will never find the light Unless, like the candle, I am my own fuel, Consuming myself.”
“The knowledge and skills you have achieved are meant to be forgotten so you can float comfortably in emptiness, without obstruction.”
“As you think, so shall you become.”
“The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.”
“Defeat is not defeat unless accepted as a reality-in your own mind.”
“Don’t get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.”
“Using no way as a way, having no limitation as limitation.”
“The meaning of life is that it is to be lived, and it is not to be traded and conceptualized and squeezed into a patter of systems.”
“If you want to learn to swim jump into the water. On dry land no frame of mind is ever going to help you.”
“Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one”
“Be happy, but never satisfied.”
“The stillness in stillness is not the real stillness; only when there is stillness in movement does the universal rhythm manifest.”
“A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.”
“It’s not what you give, it’s the way you give it.
“What you habitually think largely determines what you will ultimately become.”
“Reality is apparent when one ceases to compare. — There is “what is” only when there is no comparison at all, and to live with what is, is to be peaceful.”
“Man, the living creature, the creating individual, is always more important than any established style or system.”
“Life itself is your teacher, and you are in a state of constant learning.”
“I am not teaching you anything. I just help you to explore yourself.”
“If you don’t want to slip up tomorrow, speak the truth today.”
“Showing off is the fool’s idea of glory.”
“The More we value things, the less we value ourselves”
“Life’s battles don’t always go to the stronger or faster man. But sooner or later the man who wins, is the man who thinks he can.”
“Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.”
“Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.”
“Those who are unaware they are walking in darkness will never seek the light.”
“Real living is living for others.”
“After all, all knowledge simply means self-knowledge.”
“Do not deny the classical approach, simply as a reaction, or you will have created another pattern and trapped yourself there.”
“To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.”
“The word “superstar” is an illusion”
“The possession of anything begins in the mind.”
“Absorb what is useful, discard what is not, add what is uniquely your own.”
“Man, the living creature, the creating individual, is always more important than any established style or system.”
“Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.”
“It’s not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.”
“All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.”
“‎The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.”
“The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.”
“Its like a finger pointing away to the moon. Don’t concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.”
“Obey the principles without being bound by them.”
“A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.”
“Preparation for tomorrow is hard work today.”
“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.”
“If you think a thing is impossible,you’ll only make it impossible.”
“The consciousness of self is the greatest hindrance to the proper execution of all physical action.”
“Don’t think. FEEL. It’s like a finger pointing at the moon. Do not concentrate on the finger, or you will miss all of the heavenly glory.”
“A fight is not won by one punch or kick. Either learn to endure or hire a bodyguard.”
